Name: Python Data-Generator

Author: John Verber



Version: 1.0

Description: Work in progress.  Current only works on windows so far.   Haven't tested on Linux but technically should work. 
Need to make an IDE for it as well, so if you know PyQT dude or dudette hit me up.  This script will generate 'people' data for between 1 to 1000 distinct records.  
It will output the data in the following formats: .txt, .csv, .json.  
The data per record is as follows: Last Name, First Name, Email, Address, and Phone number.  

Note: The last names are shared between the male and female names.  So some records may contain the same last name.
But all first names are distinct.  


System Requirements: Python
I ran this with Python 3.6.5, but it should run on Python 2.7 as well.  
When I get around to it I will test it on Python 2.7 and update. 

Operating Instructions:
1) Run data_generator.py first, if you do not nothing else will work.  Just use the command:
    python data_genereator.py.  It will ask you how many records you want 1-1000.
    You can simply run data_generator.py with no arguments and it will ask you how many records you'd like.
    Or you can add the number of records you need as an argument:
        Ex:  python data_generator.py 500
    Running this script will result in data.txt (which csv_generator.py and json_writer.py uses)

2)IMPORTANT!  You are not done.  One person rant data_generator.py and stopped.  You need to do the following: 
   Run either csv_generator.py or json_writer.py.  
   Running csv_generator.py will result in data.csv
   Running json_writer.py will result in data.json
   THis will produce your csv file or json file. The text file is created from running
   data_generator.py, just grab the text file.  These will be in the same folder as our python programs. 

Note I am planning on making a bat file for Windows and a bash file to run on Linux and MacOs.
When I finish those I will update

Files:
    Python files:
        data_generator.py (generates a txt file - data.txt - of a user defined number of data)
        csv_generator.py (generates a csv file from the data.txt file created by data_generator)
    Text Files:
        address.txt - file of 1000 random addresses
        phone.txt - file of 1000 random phone numbers
        female_done - file of 1000 random female first names and last names (comma separated)
        male_done - file of 1000 random male first names and last names (comma separated)
        data.txt - file created by data_generator.py 
        data.csv - file created by csv_generator.py

Known Bugs:
    None as of now.  But please update if you find one so it can be fixed.  Or better yet, fix it and update.  Thanks. 
